Docs: EC2 Section Refactoring (#163)
C2Devel/terraform-provider-croccloud: docs/resources/ec2_traffic_mirror_session.md

* `session_number` - (Required, Forces new resource, Integer) The session number determines the order in which sessions are evaluated when the interface is used by multiple sessions. The first session with a matching filter is the one that mirrors the packets.
* `traffic_mirror_filter_id` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) The ID of the traffic mirror filter to be used.
* `traffic_mirror_target_id` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) The ID of the traffic mirror target to be used.
* `description` - (Optional, Forces new resource, String) The description of the traffic mirror session.
* `tags` - (Optional, Editable, Map of strings) Key-value pairs to assign to the traffic mirror session. If the [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags] is used within a provider configuration, the tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider level.

## Attribute reference

### Supported attributes

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the traffic mirror session.
* `id` - (String) The ID of the traffic mirror session.

> * `owner_id` - (String) The ID of the project that owns the traffic mirror session.

Reviewer: я бы так поправил, (в других местах аналогично)
```suggestion
* `owner_id` - (String) The ID of the project that the traffic mirror session belongs to.
```
